DAN: Things on Earth were going really well
after the Bakugan came to live with us.
But then out of nowhere, we were invaded
by these mysterious evil Mechtogan,
who were intent on destroying everything!
Cordegon, Slycerak,
Exostriker, and Mandibor were their names.
And leading them was this clown, Wiseman.
They also had help form an evil pack of Bakugan
called the Nonets.
Luckily for us, we had our own secret weapon
in the form of Dragonoid Destroyer.
So we fought back, because no one is gonna take our freedom.
Not now, not ever!
\u266a What are you gonna do
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a You gotta give it your all
\u266a Ah-ah, ah-ah-ah-ah, this is the final stand \u266a
\u266a Ah-ah, ah-ah-ah-ah
\u266a The power's in your hands
\u266a Two worlds collide on the inside \u266a
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone
\u266a This is Bakugan \u266a
You'll never take me down!
Stay strong, buddy!
You can do this! Mechtavius Destroyer's got nothing on you!
Sorry, my brothers. He's too powerful!
I... can't... hold... on!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: I'm giving you 12 hours to destroy your own pod of Bakugan.
If you don't, we will wipe out the entire population
of the Earth.
Human and Bakugan alike.
We won't back down!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"The Eve of Extermination.\"
What's the word, Mira?
How's Dragonoid Destroyer doing?
MIRA: Well, as you can see here,
Mechtavius Destroyer did quite a number on him last battle.
I estimate it will be at least 18 hours
before he's back to battling condition.
Huh?
But we don't have that kind of time!
There's gotta be something you can do,
to get him to full power!
Help us out, Mira!
MIRA: I'm not the one you should be appealing to.
You should be making your pleas directly to Dragonoid Destroyer.
What are you talking about?
While I was running my diagnostic analysis on him,
I noticed something curious.
Apparently Dragonoid Destroyer has only been fighting
using 70% of his energy.
You mean he still has an energy reserve?
MIRA: It would appear so.
Now I'm not sure if he's been holding back on his own,
or whether it requires something special to trigger it,
but one thing is for sure.
If we're able to get Dragonoid Destroyer to access this reserve
it would take his power levels to unparalleled heights.
I just don't understand why he wouldn't use this extra boost
in his last battle against Mechtavius Destroyer.
It would have given him the win.
Whatever his motives were at the time, they don't matter now.
We need to focus on the deadline
that Mechtavius Destroyer has given us.
Come on, Dragonoid Destroyer. You gotta snap out of it, dude.
We really need your help!
If you don't wake up soon, we're all in trouble.
JULIE: As you can see below us, viewers,
the streets of Bakugan City are packed with cars
making a mass exodus ahead of the deadline to doom
set my Mechtavius Destroyer.
We'll continue to cover the events as time ticks down
to the hour when he has promised to rid the world
of Bakugan and humans alike.
(VOICEOVER): Come on, Brawlers. Where are you?
Please tell me you have a plan.
MIRA: We've got six hours left until the deadline.
RADIZEN: Oh man, and still now plan!
What the heck are we gonna do, guys?
I don't wanna just sit around to see if Mechtavius Destroyer
is only blowing smoke!
(Chirping)
Huh? I never said I wanted to surrender, you numbskull!
We couldn't, even if we wanted to.
Surrender was never offered to us as an option.
Our only choice was to be destroyed at the hand
of our battling partners, or Mechtavius Destroyer.
So then, we just have to take that creep down instead.
Yeah, that's the spirit, my brother.
It's not exactly that easy, you guys.
This is the situation we find ourselves in, Dan.
We have to figure out some way to fight back.
I don't know how without Dragonoid Destroyer.
Why do you have to be so negative, Dan?
It sounds like you're giving up!
You're wrong, pal! Those Mechtogan
that Wiseman is fighting with are the biggest and baddest
we've ever seen!
And when they connect to make Mechtavius Destroyer,
they've got the power of four!
We can't match it! Ugh!
(All gasping)
Are you trying to say the rest of us are useless?
I never said that, don't put words in my mouth!
We used to fight fine without Dragonoid Destroyer, Dan.
Shun's right. The fact that we used to fight together
as a team used to be enough to be victorious.
We didn't have to rely on Mechtogan at all.
Marucho, Shun, take it easy. Dan was only saying--
They're just jealous, Drago!
It's because we're the only ones who can summon a Mechtogan
to fight alongside of us!
You and your ego are out of control.
We're not jealous of anything.
We're just trying to keep it together and not give up.
At least we're going down fighting.
DAN: So why don't you get out of here and lead the charge then,
tough guy?
This is my lab!
You're the one who can get out!
Have you guys lost it?!
Things are at their worst right now so the last thing we need
is to be fighting amongst each other.
We need to come together. Like a family.
Follow me, professor. This way.
There is something that I need to talk to you about.
Is it Wiseman?
Once again, you amaze me
with how all-seeing you are, Professor.
I've found something. It's a secret room.
I stumbled onto it by accident one day.
I found someone else inside,
who looked just like Wiseman.
Who could it have been? Perhaps it was this Gunz character
that the Brawlers were always speaking of.
But if so, where did he come from?
And why do they look identical?
Trust me, Balista! It's better that you
forget what you saw. What?!
Just for now. We need to keep our eyes on the main target.
We can revisit this at another time. Understood?
Wait a second!
\u266a
DAN: This stinks.
I can't believe the guys think that I'm doubting them.
We're nothing without each other.
Don't worry, Dan. The other guys won't stay mad at you for long.
They're both frustrated with the situation, just like you are.
That's all, okay?
I guess so. It's just that...
I'm the leader of this team,
and for once, I don't have an answer.
(Floorboards creaking) Huh?
MIRA: There you are, Shun. Huh?
I thought I might find you here.
Sorry about earlier.
It's very rare that I lose my temper like that.
Mm-hm. But even a ninja can lose his cool
every once in a while, you know?
Dan was right. We need Dragonoid Destroyer
to guarantee victory, but we don't have him now.
What's even worse is that none of the rest of us
has the ability to summon a Mechtogan of our own.
We're in an impossible situation right now
and I'm feeling completely helpless about things.
Mira, I don't like not having a solution for this.
I've never been at a loss for having a strategy.
I don't know what happened to us out there, Mira.
Don't lose faith, Shun.
You guys will find a way.
Mm...
I think it's important that you don't lose sight of one thing.
Fear of the worst is often greater than the actual danger.
If you keep your focus and stay loyal to your teammates,
you will always find a way through the darkness
and ultimately, to success.
Huh, I guess you're right, Kato.
(Siren wails in the distance)
It is time.
(Clock strikes 12)
Shun, Marucho. I'm sorry about before.
I got carried away.
Me too. You guys are my brothers.
Together, no one can stop us!
Hm...
So, Battle Brawlers. What's your decision, then?
We can do this combined, Radizen!
SHUN: Dan, Marucho! We've got your backs!
So, Battle Brawlers, what's your decision, then?
Yeah, pal. Our answer is the same as ever!
You can stick it, 'cause we're never gonna turn on our own.
You understand that?
So, punk, let's go! If you're man enough!
Hm... very well, then.
Bakugan Brawl!
Baku Sky Raider jump!
Bakugan stand!
ALL: Bakugan Brawl!
Baku Sky Raider jump!
(Growling)
I'll make short work of you, Jaakor!
(Grunting)
NONET: I can't believe they fell for that again!
SECOND NONET: It hurts more every time.
Ability activate!
Slash Boomerang!
Yeah!
Ability activate!
Night Visor!
Let's see how you enjoy this!
(Booming, groaning)
Ability activate!
Dragon Asteroid!
(Roaring)
(Booming)
(Groaning)
Ability Activate!
Full Moon Wave Burning!
Supreme Flame!
(Shrieking)
Let us get back in there, Wiseman!
Yeah! I wanna stomp them into the ground!
(Snapping) You can step back, Nonets.
Your services are no longer needed here.
(Grumbling)
NONET: So just like that we're dismissed again?
All wandering Mechtogan!
Descend and join us in battle
so that we may destroy the enemy!
\u266a
(Thudding)
Mechtogan are here, Mira, so...
how's Dragonoid Destroyer doing?
Unfortunately, he's still not fully recovered.
You're going to have to wait.
Okay then. Drago, Reptak, let's go!
BOTH: Ready! Bakugan unite!
\u266a
Jaakor! Skytruss! Orbeum!
Bakugan unite!
ALL: Combined ninja Herculean power!
Roxtor! Radizen!
On it, boss!
Bakugan fuse!
(Loud thudding)
(Roaring)
Let's go, guys!
Right! Right!
\u266a
Aw, yeah!
Will these fools never learn?
Obviously not.
Then perhaps it's time we remind them!
Attack!
\u266a
(Screeching)
United Ability Activate!
Wing Harvey Cannon!
NONET: Every time we get close to exacting our vengeance
on Drago, Wiseman pulls us out.
Well, maybe it's time we share what drives us
with the Mechtogan.
That way, we get the same results,
even if it's by remote.
ALL: Destroy the descendant of the original Dragonoid
who imprisoned us for all those years!
Destroy Drago! Destroy Drago!
Destroy Drago!
Ugh, what are they rambling on about?
They're chanting for the destruction of Drago.
It's like I can feel their hatred
coursing through my veins.
It's feeding us with more energy for the battle.
Then perhaps we should grant the Nonets their wish and return.
Slycerak! Exostriker! Mandibor!
Let's take Drago down first.
(Roaring)
(Groaning)
Drago!
Whoa!
Jaakor! We have to jump in for back up!
Copy that!
United Ability Activate!
Supreme Jet Jump!
Fusion Ability Activate!
Abyss Render!
Chew on this!
(Shouting)
(Groaning)
No more wasting time. Slycerak!
Exostriker! Mandibor!
Augh!
Integrate Mechtavius Destroyer!
\u266a
Time for the vermin to be exterminated!
(Groaning)
Radizen!
(Shouting)
Marucho! Shun! Augh!
(Drago groaning)
Drago!
(Crashing)
No!
(Groaning)
Jaakor!
Fusion Ability Activate!
Terror Blue!
(Groaning)
Who's the vermin now, huh?!
You scum!
It's time for you to disappear!
Once and for all!
Yeah, that's right!
DRAGO: You're not the only ones who can use combined energy to fight!
JAAKOR: You tell him, Sensei!
Better yet, let's show them!
Shun, Marucho!
Let's do this, my brothers.
What a joke! You're no match for us!
Ability Activate!
Sky Flash Cannon!
(Groaning)
Together we're unstoppable!
Fear of the worst is greater than the actual danger.
We need to keep focused!
(Booming)
When will you accept that you're no match for us?!
(Growling)
End of the line, insects.
Get out of there, you guys!
(Shouting)
(Booming)
Huh?!
(Gasping)
I am the Mechtogan Thorak, born of my master Shun
and his partner Bakugan.
Whoa!
I am the Mechtogan Flytris, born of my master Marucho,
and his partner Bakugan.
What's this? They created new Mechtogan?
Thorak and...
Flytris!
That's unbelievable!
Wow! Who knew we had the power this entire time!
MIRA: Huh, that's weird.
What is it, Mira?
20% of Dragonoid Destroyer's mysterious energy reserve
just got used.
Is that supposed to be intimidating?
If you're going to turn against your fellow Mechtogan,
then I have no trouble taking you down as well.
(Thudding, grunting)
Cave Dragon!
(Moaning)
Nicely played, but you'll never get through this shield.
We gotta keep hammering him.
Right! Yeah!
Fusion Ability Activate! Terror Blue!
SHUN: Supreme Thunder!
DAN: Flame Harvey Cannon!
Brothers, attack!
(Groaning)
You'll never defeat us!
Now!
(Glass shattering)
What?! Impossible!
Universal Combine!
Whoa!
(Mechtavius Destroyer groaning)
\u266a
This isn't over!
Incredible! Whoa, dude!
\u266a
Hm... I must admit,
those new Mechtogan surprised even me.
We'll return!
Come back!
Huh?
JULIE: So, once again Bakugan City has been saved
by the Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Until next time, this is your favourite roving reporter
Julie signing off for now!
(VOICEOVER): I just hope that next time isn't anytime soon.
MARUCHO: So Dragonoid Destroyer is finally recovered?
DAN: Yeah, and now that you and Shun have your own Mechtogan,
there's no way that creep Wiseman can ever take us down!
Just let him try to.
And it still appears that there is at least 10% remaining
untouched in Dragonoid Destroyer's energy reserve.
Really? That's totally insane, Mira.
MIRA: I think if we learned anything today,
it's that if we stick together and don't panic,
no matter how dire the circumstances,
we'll make it through.
True.
MARUCHO: There's definitely no arguing that.
I wonder if we'll ever find out what that final 10% does.
RUNO: Things were finally starting to quiet down around Bakugan City
after the Brawlers' last battle against Wiseman
when I came across this strange character.
His name was Haos Aerogan, and he said he was looking
for a battling partner.
I kinda felt torn, because technically Tigrerra
was still my partner Bakugan, but he seemed so nice.
While the rest of the Bakugan practiced battling
with their Mechtogan, it only made sense
that I add to the team by taking on a new partner.
I must admit that things did go a bit chaotic,
but it's better that you tune in
to see what I'm talking about.
Even I'd forgotten how intense the battle action
could be around here!
\u266a